there are many minecraft editors and
many as you are seeing here we are
in plants against zombies playing here
in minecraft and well I will teach a
little about what the map consists of and how it is
as you see here we have the plants that
we would have to defend to not
the zombies will come through these
roads that are formed by water to the
house and do not eat the plants then
that little bar that you see red when
disappears entirely is that you have lost
and how do you start this, you have to
iu give and to start again for
go withdrawing the level then you give here
and here you have all the arrows here
you have more in case you want without dates
or without food and as today is being done
at night and when it is doing
night that you will have to do
just come here to bed and
sleep let's start but I'm going to
wait for a little day
well I'm going to start
let's start Libya to give and as you see
to go see now they are going to appear
zombies that are going to try to get to
our our house I'll let
some are arriving especially for
so that you can see how the
bar because it's pretty enough
cool and this map has been quite
time what happens I'm going to do
little and I said others ask to upload it to the channel
that can be cool to play and as you see
it is already coming to one you look like
lowering the bar as they arrive
and what I say are going to have the map in the
description in case you too
I wanted to play it this is also is
very cool playing with friends playing
with more people like this can be more
entertaining and let's go killing this and
others are coming in enough I'm
realizing
let's fall let's go let's go
voucher voucher has arrived has arrived we are going to
to go
we're going to give that we're going to run
come on I do not give it or what I fall
and your coffee king changing as you see
lowering the bar little by little and what
I was telling you our planet is about
how many now and we go to that pretty
come sometimes has been
he felt as if he wanted a spider
Come on and I said it is pretty cool
what are you going to have in the description in case
you want to try it and if what you like
this type of minigames so
I will try to look for more because I know there
others more
run body is very little for us
kill so let's go kill these
here is going to sound a music of those that
we have lost is that it has sounded a
music I do not know if you have heard the
video
in the video but it is heard as well as tim
no or no and that is that we have lost and
Now, as you can see, it is recovering
slowly or if you want you will still
here and it will be recovering every time
that is going is recovering a
little more and so you can do more
fast and as I said if you want that
be by day you will simply have here
you finish and when you wake up like
well you will know it is daytime and you will say yes
but they are going to burn the zombies and
but that's why the water issue is
so that they go down and so that they do not
go burn and you can play
also of the day and be much better
so what I said, I hope that I have
liked to leave it and if you want it to rise
more games like mini-games and subscribe
if you are all from haley programs and we
we see in the next see you later